CSL-415-update hof & node versions (#255)
UKHomeOffice/controlled-substance-licence: README.md

### Prerequisites

> - [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) `>=24.18.0 <25.0.0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) - for supported versions see `engines.node` in [package.json](package.json)
```
